add mgr-sync to Admin Guide (#300)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/mgr-sync.adoc

[[mgr.sync]]
= Using ``mgr-sync``

The ``mgr-sync`` tool is used at the command prompt.
It provides functions for using {productname} that are not always available in the {webui}.

> The primary use of ``mgr-sync`` is to connext to the {scc} and retrieve product and package information for installed products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary use of ``mgr-sync`` is to connect to the {scc}, retrieve product and package information and setup channels to sync the packages to {productname} Server.
```

This tool is designed for use with a {suse} support subscription.
It is not required for open source distributions, including {opensuse}, {centos}, and {ubuntu}.

The available commands and arguments for ``mgr-sync`` are listed in this table.
Use this syntax for ``mgr-sync`` commands:

----
mgr-sync [-h] [--version] [-v] [-s] [-d {1,2,3}] {list,add,refresh,delete}
----

[[mgr-sync-commands]]
[cols="1,1,1", options="header"]
.mgr-sync Commands
|===
| Command | Description | Example Use

> | list | List channels, organization credentials, or products | ``mgr-sync list``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| list | List channels, organization credentials, or products | ``mgr-sync list channels``
```

Just `list` will show you the usage() and ask for the target.

> | add | Add channels, organization credentials, or products | ``mgr-sync add <channel_name>``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| add | Add channels, organization credentials, or products | ``mgr-sync add channel <channel_name>``
```

| refresh | Refresh the local copy of products, channels, and subscriptions | ``mgr-sync refresh``

> | delete | Delete existing SCC organization credentials from the local system | ``mgr-sync delete``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| delete | Delete existing SCC organization credentials from the local system | ``mgr-sync delete credentials``
```

> | sync | Synchronize all channels if left blank, or specify a specific channel | ``mgr-sync sync <channel_name>``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| sync | Synchronize specified channel or ask for it when left blank| ``mgr-sync sync channel <channel_name>``
```

|===

[[mgr-sync-optional-args]]
[cols="1,1,1,1", options="header"]
.mgr-sync Optional Arguments
|===
| Option | Abbreviated option | Description | Example Use
| help | ``h`` | Display the command usage and options | ``mgr-sync --help``
| version | N/A | Display the currently installed version of ``mgr-sync`` | ``mgr-sync --version``
| verbose | ``v`` | Provide verbose output | ``mgr-sync --verbose refresh``
| store-credentials | ``s`` | Store credentials a local hidden file | ``mgr-sync --store-credentials``
| debug | ``d`` | Log additional debugging information. Requires a level of 1, 2, 3. 3 provides the highest amnount of debugging information | ``mgr-sync -d 3 refresh``

> | no-sync | N/A | Use with the ``add`` command to add products or channels without beginning a synchronization | ``mgr-sync --no-sync add <channel_name>``

Reviewer: The subcommands have a lot of more options. Not sure how to describe them here.

Author: That depends how important it is that we include them, I guess.

Reviewer: What about adding a note with some thing like. Options specific for commands can be found by calling 

`mgr-sync <command> --help`
